README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hey there 👋, I'm Kazeem</h1>
<h3 align="center">Data Scientist | ML Engineer | AI Innovator</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Kazeem-Bello">
    <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Kazeem-Bello&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="Kazeem-Bello" />
  </a>
</p>


### About Me 
I specialize in **Machine Learning**, **Deep Learning**, **Natural Language Processing**, and **MLOps**, delivering scalable systems that bridge the gap between experimentation and production.  
When I’m not building models, you’ll find me hiking in the Rockies, building custom PCs, or mentoring upcoming AI talent.  


### Core Expertise
- **Machine Learning & Deep Learning** – predictive modeling, neural networks, optimization  
- **Natural Language Processing (NLP)** – text classification, sentiment analysis, transformers  
- **MLOps & Model Deployment** – CI/CD with Github Action and Jenkins, Docker, AWS, FastAPI, MLflow  
- **Data Engineering** – data pipelines, feature engineering, SQL, ETL automation  
- **Generative AI** – LLM integration, prompt engineering, fine-tuning  
- **Cloud Platforms** – AWS, GCP, Azure fundamentals  
- **Analytics & Visualization** – Power BI, Matplotlib, Plotly  


### Languages & Tools

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,pytorch,tensorflow,docker,fastapi,git,mysql,mongodb,linux,aws,html,css,javascript&theme=dark)](https://skillicons.dev)


### GitHub Analytics
<p align="center">
  <img width="48%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Kazeem-Bello&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight" />
  <img width="48%" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=Kazeem-Bello&theme=tokyonight" />
  <img width="48%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Kazeem-Bello&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight" />
</p>


### Connect with Me
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/kazeembello/" target="_blank"><img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin" width="40" height="40" /></a>
  <a href="https://x.com/talinum_b?s=11" target="_blank"><img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=twitter" width="40" height="40" /></a>
  <a href="mailto:bel.kazeem@gmail.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/732/732200.png" width="40" height="40" /></a>
</p>


**“Building ethical, scalable, and human-centric AI — one model at a time.”**

Commit message:

Enhance About Me with personal interests
Added personal interests and hobbies to the About Me section.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hey there 👋, I'm Kazeem</h1>
<h3 align="center">Data Scientist | ML Engineer | AI Innovator</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Kazeem-Bello">
    <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Kazeem-Bello&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="Kazeem-Bello" />
  </a>
</p>


### About Me 
I specialize in **Machine Learning**, **Deep Learning**, **Natural Language Processing**, and **MLOps**, delivering scalable systems that bridge the gap between experimentation and production.  
When I’m not building and deploying models, I enjoy:
    - 👨‍👩‍👧 Spending quality time with family and friends  
    - ⚽ Watching and playing football  
    - 📚 Reading books on technology, personal development, and history  
    - 🎮 Playing video games (FC25 and adventure games)  
    - 🌍 Exploring new places and cultures through travel  
    - 🍳 Cooking and experimenting with new recipes  



### Core Expertise
- **Machine Learning & Deep Learning** – predictive modeling, neural networks, optimization  
- **Natural Language Processing (NLP)** – text classification, sentiment analysis, transformers  
- **MLOps & Model Deployment** – CI/CD with Github Action and Jenkins, Docker, AWS, FastAPI, MLflow  
- **Data Engineering** – data pipelines, feature engineering, SQL, ETL automation  
- **Generative AI** – LLM integration, prompt engineering, fine-tuning  
- **Cloud Platforms** – AWS, GCP, Azure fundamentals  
- **Analytics & Visualization** – Power BI, Matplotlib, Plotly  


### Languages & Tools

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,pytorch,tensorflow,docker,fastapi,git,mysql,mongodb,linux,aws,html,css,javascript&theme=dark)](https://skillicons.dev)


### GitHub Analytics
<p align="center">
  <img width="48%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Kazeem-Bello&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight" />
  <img width="48%" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=Kazeem-Bello&theme=tokyonight" />
  <img width="48%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Kazeem-Bello&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight" />
</p>


### Connect with Me
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/kazeembello/" target="_blank"><img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin" width="40" height="40" /></a>
  <a href="https://x.com/talinum_b?s=11" target="_blank"><img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=twitter" width="40" height="40" /></a>
  <a href="mailto:bel.kazeem@gmail.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/732/732200.png" width="40" height="40" /></a>
</p>


**“Building ethical, scalable, and human-centric AI — one model at a time.”**
